I always encourage our child to talk about the child's troubles. I never guide our child by punishment more than by reason. I about half of the time know the names of our child's friends. I always find it difficult to discipline our child. I never give praise when our child is good. I never spank when our child is disobedient. I always joke and play with our child. I about half of the time withhold scolding and/or criticism even when our child acts contrary to our wishes. I always show sympathy when our child is hurt or frustrated. I very often punish by taking privileges away from our child with little if any explanations. I once in a while spoil our child. I once in a while give comfort and understanding when our child is upset. I never yell or shout when our child misbehaves. I about half of the time am easygoing and relaxed with our child. I very often allow our child to annoy someone else. I very often tell our child our expectations regarding behavior before the child engages in an activity. I always scold and criticize to make our child improve. I never show patience with our child. I very often grab our child when they are being disobedient. I once in a while state punishments to our child and do not actually do them. I always am responsive to our child's feelings or needs. I about half of the time allow our child to give input into family rules. I very often argue with our child. I never appear confident about parenting abilities. I never give our child reasons why rules should be obeyed. I always appear to be more concerned with my own feelings than with my child’s feelings. I about half of the time tell our child that we appreciate what the child tries or accomplishes. I never punish by putting our child off somewhere alone with little if any explanations. I never help our child to understand the impact of behavior by encouraging our child to talk about the consequences of their own actions. I about half of the time am afraid that disciplining our child for misbehavior will cause the child to not like me as a parent. I very often take our child’s desires into account before asking the child to do something. I always explode in anger towards our child. I once in a while am aware of problems or concerns about our child in school. I very often threaten our child with punishment more often than actually giving it. I about half of the time express affection by hugging, kissing, and holding our child. I about half of the time ignore our child's misbehavior. I about half of the time use physical punishment as a way of disciplining our child. I never carry out discipline after our child misbehaves. I about half of the time apologize to our child when making a mistake in parenting. I very often tell our child what to do. I about half of the time give in to our child when the child causes a commotion about something. I never talk it over and reason with our child when the child misbehaves. I very often slap our child when the child misbehaves. I very often disagree with our child. I always allow our child to interrupt others. I once in a while have warm and intimate times together with our child. When two children are fighting, I once in a while discipline children first and ask questions later. I always encourage our child to freely express themselves even when disagreeing with parents. I very often bribe our child with rewards to bring about compliance. I once in a while scold or criticize when our child's behavior doesn’t meet our expectations. I very often show respect for our child’s opinions by encouraging our child to express them. I about half of the time set strict, well-established rules for our child. I never explain to our child how I feel about the child’s good and bad behavior. I about half of the time use threats as punishment with little or no justification. I never take into account our child’s preferences in making plans for the family. When our child asks why they have to conform, I very often state: "Because I said so," or "I am your parent and I want you to." I very often appear unsure of how to solve our child’s misbehavior. I very often explain the consequences of the child’s behavior. I once in a while demand that our child does things. I always channel our child’s misbehavior into a more acceptable activity. I about half of the time shove our child when the child is disobedient. I once in a while emphasize the reasons for rules.